docs(self-hosting): add minimum system requirements (#6032)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/self-hosting/manage/production.md

If you host ZITADEL as a service,
you might want to [limit usage and/or execute tasks on certain usage units and levels](/self-hosting/manage/quotas).

> ## Minimum system requirements
> 
> ### General Resource Usage
> 
> ZITADEL consumes around 512MB Ram and can run with less then 1CPU core.
> The database consumes around 2 CPU und normal conditions and 6GB Ram with some caching to it.
> 
> :::info Password hashing
> Be aware of CPU spikes when hashing passwords. We recommend to have 4CPU cores available for this purpose.
> :::
> 
> ### Production HA Cluster
> 
> It is recommended to build a minimal high-availability with 3 Nodes with 4CPU and 16GB memory each.
> Excluding non-essential services, sich as log collection, metrics etc, the resources could be reduced to around 4CPU and 8GB memory each.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Minimum system requirements

### General resource usage

ZITADEL consumes around 512MB RAM and can run with less than 1 CPU core.
The database consumes around 2 CPU under normal conditions and 6GB RAM with some caching to it.

:::info Password hashing
Be aware of CPU spikes when hashing passwords. We recommend to have 4 CPU cores available for this purpose.
:::

### Production HA cluster

It is recommended to build a minimal high-availability with 3 Nodes with 4 CPU and 16GB memory each.
Excluding non-essential services, such as log collection, metrics etc, the resources could be reduced to around 4 CPU and  8GB memory each.
```
